Concha - Traditional mexican pan dulce sweet bread or known amoung regulars as a "Concha". The mexican bread called "Concha" is not only one of the sigatures of the bakery but also in mexican culture love for bread. The Concha is a fitting for any time of the day and can be enjoyed with milk, hot chocolate, or even with refried beans.
Concha Trigo - Traditional mexican pan dulce that uses wheat flour instead of white flour.
ManteConcha - A mexican mix between cupcakes and mexican conchas. Instead of a regular muffen top a concha is placed.
Bolillo - Simple mexican rolls that can be seen as a mexican's version of the french baguette. Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside these bolillos are used as a side for soups or can be cut and used for sandwiches.
Telera - Mexican version of a white bread roll that is soft and fluffy in a oval shape. Telera can be used to make any range of sandwiches or can simply enjoyed with butter on it. 
Pan de Elotes - 
Orajas - These puff pastry cookies are sweet and crunchy treats with a coating of caramelized sugar. Orejas are perfect to have with a cup of coffee or alone as a pick-me-up.
Cemas - Round shape soft bread that can be used for sandwiches and burgers.
Buñuelos - Disc of fried dough that is covered in cinnamon sugar or can be topped in sryup. While this fried dough is popular to eat during the holidays it is enjoyed thoughout the year.
Empanada de fruta - Delicious sweet dough that has a baked outside and has fruit filling inside of the bread. Raspberry, pineapple, apple are one of possible filling flavors. 
Bisquet - Mexican sweet biscuits that has nice crunchy top. A flaky and buttery sweet bread traditional enjoyed at the end of the day with a cup of coffee.
Marranito - Cinnamon and piloncillo flavored cookie that is shaped as a pig.


chamucos
cuadro pasteito Blanco & rosa - Squares pieces of a much larger size bread. Each piece featuring a mild sweetness and buttery flavor, complemented by a light, fluffy texture and a slight crunchy glaze. Enjoy eating this treat more with coffee or milk.
cuernos de agua - Taste the simplicity of Cuernos de agua! Its slightly crisp exterior and soft, comforting inside make it a perfect treat for any occasion.
cuernos Mantequilla - Shaped like a croissant but lighter with a glaze outer layer giving it a outer shine and is completed with a touch of sweetness. This can be enjoyed with a hot cup of coffee or cappuccino or putting a spread on like jam or butter.
Cuerno Nutella - Similar to a croissant it is soft and chewy on the inside and has a slight crunch on the outer layer, but with the added chocolate layer on the inside increasing it's sweetness.
Orejas - Orejas are crisp, golden pastries with a rich, buttery flavor and a caramelized sugar coating that creates a perfect balance of sweetness and crunch. Each bite melts in your mouth with layers of light, flaky dough and a hint of toasted sugar that adds depth and warmth to the overall taste.
Panque - A mexican pound cake with a dense and tender inside like a sponge cake with a protective crumbling edge. The bread itself is sweet, buttery, and has a taste of vanilla.
pudin
?Taquitos ?
?Taquitos chocolate?
Tornillos - A mildly sweet bread that is soft and fluffy on the inside and has crunchy outside.
Tortuga
Volteado de Piña - Volteado de Piña is a moist, buttery cake topped with caramelized pineapple and cherries, offering a perfect balance of sweet and tangy flavors. Its soft texture and rich caramel glaze make it a tropical dessert favorite in Latin American kitchens.

Herraduras - A concha where a crust is added to the edge making it look like a concha. Herraduras are mildly sweet, with a delicate buttery or milky flavor.
magdalenas - spanish muffins that are soft and airy like a sponge cake. It is midly sweet and is lemon-scented giving them a bright, citrusy aroma and a slightly tangy finish.
Cupcakes =
    manitas queso
    mante conchas - Fusion between two mexican pastries the concha and mantecadas. The bottom is soft, fluffly, and buttery like a typical mantecada would have and while the top would by crunchy and sweet like a concha.
    mantecadas
    Cupcake Chocolate
    mantecadas elote - traditional Mexican treat made with sweet corn, just like a traditional mantacada the sweet corn is blended into dough making it to be earthy and familiar to corn in mexican meals.

Nino envueltos -Niños Envueltos is a traditional Mexican sweet bread made with soft sponge cake rolled around fruity jam—usually strawberry—and coated in shredded coconut. This nostalgic Mexican pastry offers a perfect balance of sweetness and texture, making it a must-try treat for lovers of authentic pan dulce
Rosca Azucar - a traditional pan dulce with a rosca (ring) shape and a delightful sugary coating. The inside is soft, fluffly, and slight spongy while the outer layer is coated with sweet and crumbly sugar top. 
Ojos nuez o Azucar - Mexican sweet bread known to look like eyes hence the name "Ojos". The bread is soft and eggy with a slight sweet taste.

Cookies ================================

Granjea - Traditional mexican cookies that is covered in ball shaped sprinkles called grageas. The cookie itself taste mildly sweet with the grageas giving it a crunchy outside.
Mantequilla(butter cookies) - A simple mexican butter cookie. Rich and creamy with a smooth texture that melts in your mouth.
M&M - golden-brown cookie with a soft, chewy center which is coated with vibrant and colorful M&M chocolates.
Chocochips
Polvoron =
    Sandia
    Polvoron Colores
    Payaso
    Tapabocas
Galleta corazon
Galleta nuez
Galleta Almendra
Ojarascas
Ojarascas cajita

Galleta minis ==
mini Sandiamini corazones
mini Polvoron
mini estrellitas
Gorditas Harina
Gorditas especial

https://theothersideofthetortilla.com/2018/12/guide-mexican-pan-dulce/